>> Mike North: Let's take ten minutes,
use that horrifying vulnerability,
the get request, and use a post request.
See if you can look at that way
that transfer funds form is setup.
And I'm telling you to use
jsbin.com because you can create
plain HTTP landing pages there.
A lot of these experiment
sites like CodePen and
JSFiddle, they're on HTTPS now, and
you'll get a mixed content warning if
you try to do stuff over regular HTTP.
So we'll just use jsbin for now.
But see if you can make a page,
looking at the form of that URL,
where every time you load the page, one
of your bank accounts ends up dropping in
value by a dollar each
time you look at it.
And this could be the kind of thing
where you can just send it out.
You can send like 1000 little image tags,
or a bunch of them,
that would just try to transfer
money from a bunch of accounts.
Some of the images wouldn't load,
images, they wouldn't load.
Some might work for some users and
that's really all you need.
It's a numbers game, right?
You're just trying to hit a lot of people,
and some you won't get, and some you will